What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
I have a repository? I presume I would do this with files where it is important to track version control.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it
offers? Well its obviously half way between them.  I suppose it offers the ability to make decisions about
how to group things and provide a way to put them in a place in a group until you can decide what to do?
But if you are not sure enough on what to do and what to commit then why take action yet?  To me the whole
idea of a commit is you are either ready to make a decision or you are not.  So seems to me like the staging
area is more like a redundant place for the indecisive.  Not sure I see this as useful yet.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Use git diff to compare working directory to staging area.  Then use --staged to compare staging area to
most recent commit. Then use git diff filename1 filename2 to compare two most recent commits.  The idea is
to use this to find errors differences and insure accuracy. I get all of that but again this seems extremely
redundant to me. You are either ready to commit or not.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would
branches help?
I can see how branches may be helpful in experimenting, but since I can't get Git to work
properly at this point I'm extremely frustrated right now with Git and the course. While I really appreciate
individuals taking the time out on Piazza to offer opinions on possible solutions none of the suggestions
are working for the systems issues I have and as a result I have some doubts about the value of the format
Piazza offers for getting operational systems problems resolved. Seems like every exercise is causing delays
of days and in at least one case weeks in completing the coursework. It's extremely frustrating to the point
of my almost quitting the class several times now.  There needs to be a better way to resolve systems operational
problems.  I hope this feedback is useful to the course administrators in improving the course for future
students.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
This seems like a question with an obvious answer.  It gives you visual view of the operational structre.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic will identify conflicts but it doesn't resolve them so you have to do manual work anyway. At least
the automated method points out the conflicts.  However, I can forsee many situations where there are
conflicts with dependencies.  As a result not sure I see the value in merging. Seems like it has potential to
cause as many problems as it resolves and slow overall development down. I see it as a sort of too many
cooks in the kitchen scenario.  Seems like frequent commit and discussion would eliminate the need
for merges or would be a better method to minimize the potential for problems / conflicts.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
All commits from both branches are combined in chronological order. Graphical representation helps to
visualize what was combined into what.
